My journey in the Computer Science capstone course has been a significant period of personal growth. The course has not only honed my coding skills and UI/Design techniques but also instilled in me a deeper understanding of the importance of coding best practices. This includes more robust error handling, cleaner code with mark-down comments throughout, more robust data structures, and the creation of more complex algorithms. These best practices have not only improved my work but also instilled a sense of pride in my professional development, a crucial aspect when employers review a portfolio.

The second biggest skill that I have mastered is my design capabilities. I have learned how to make applications not only clean but also user-friendly. This is a crucial aspect of my work, as I have learned and implemented new techniques in my design to make my overall application more engaging. By honing in on learning more about the user experience, I have significantly improved my understanding of how important it is to design software that will satisfy all users, thereby adding substantial value to my work and the projects I contribute to.

Hello Team! My name is Maxim; I am thrilled to connect with the rest of you! I went to school to study computer science with a major in software engineering. I specialize in many IDEs like Android Studio, Eclipse, MongoDB, PyCharm, and Visual Studios. I know many programming languages like Java, C++, Python, and C. I am passionate about the design side of work, so most of my most robust projects stem from Andriod Studio & Visual Studios.

I am currently expanding my knowledge of advanced algorithms and different types of design patterns. I am always working on making my design and user interface immersive, fun, and reachable on various platforms.

One of my most robust projects is an Andriod Studio project, which I developed to showcase my skills in coding and design. This project was a calendar app with many more features than your average one. It was designed to demonstrate my passion for clean and efficient code while maintaining an engaging interface. This project shows my dedication and innovation to effective software that ensures a fantastic user experience.

I look forward to reading the rest of the team's posts and learning from your vital projects!

Thanks,

Maxim Colburn
